
# CASIA-CXR: An Open Dataset of Chest X-rays with Benchmarks on Automatic Radiology Report Generation

Medical images are widely used in clinical practice for diagnosis. Automatically generating long, clinically accurate, and semantically coherent reports describing medical images (e.g., a chest X-ray) can significantly alleviate heavy workloads and improve diagnosis interpretation. Through the success of image captioning, medical report generation has been achievable. However, generating language-specific radiology reports presents a key hurdle for data-driven models due to their reliance on paired image-report datasets, which are labor-intensive, time-consuming, and costly. In this paper, we introduce a new chest X-ray benchmark dataset, namely \textit{CASIA-CXR}, consisting of high-resolution chest radiographs associated with medical reports originally written in French. The dataset includes patient examinations conducted between 2019 and 2022, performed and reported by radiologists across various hospitals in France. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first public chest radiograph dataset with medical reports in this particular language. Importantly, we propose an effective encoder-decoder framework for medical report generation in French validated using our proposed dataset. We evaluate the performance of our proposed framework using metrics from natural language generation and clinical efficacy in addition to the human evaluation performed by radiologists. The results are promising as reported. The dataset is freely available to advance a wide range of research in medical computer vision and natural language processing. The dataset can be downloaded from our website at: www.casia-cxr.net.

 
